---
layout: thoughts
title:  "Grit"
time: "Feb. 8 2023"
date: 2023-02-08
---

It's been a rough two months. 

Before six months ago, I had been going to the gym consistently. I was in a pretty terrific routine based on nSuns 5 day routine and was seeing significant gains. For the first time in my life, I was able to bench press 225lbs - somewhat of an accomplishment for someone who isn't particularly athletic. 

Around two months ago, my shoulder started hurting during my workouts. I took a few days off, came down with Covid a week later, and next thing ya know it, I hadn't worked out for a month. I found a new program, a few bodyweight exercises a week. I come back from the holidays and I begin prioritizing my health again. For two or three weeks, I'd wake up early before work and get a lift in. Next thing you know, I get sick again. A week later, I no longer have a stomach flu, but I have a cold. 

It's really easy to lose sight of your goals when your constantly confronted with roadblocks. When your body wants to quit and you feel your motivation begin to fade, these are the times many of us struggle. Be it drinking alcohol, taking adderall, or smoking weed, I've found people often times sink into their coping mechanisms. I'm happy to say mine is playing video games. Something not too detrimental to my health and maybe a tad boring, but a habit that leaves me disappointed nonetheless.

Disappointed I wasn't more productive. That I wasn't learning a new skill, working on my website, improving my development skills, practicing guitar, or reading a book. None of these would be the first thing I'd pick up when I'm tired or frustrated, but they scratch an itch of pride which video games does not. 

So, the question is, how can I get myself to pick up that book? To get to the gym? To get back on track when derailed?

Grit.

Here's to grit. To picking up that book. To learning that new skill. To getting to the gym.