---
layout: thoughts
title:  Invictus
time: "Mar. 24 2021"
date: 2021-03-24
view: true
---

While I've been working on this digital space, I've left some movies on in the background to act as a little bit of *inspiration* during some of the more tedious times of development.  This means watching everything from *The Da Vinci Code* to *Miracle* to *Inception*. I have to say, watching *Inception* without actually watching *Inception* is overall **not** a great idea. Regardless, I've been enjoying myself.  

One of my biggest takeaways was actually from *Invictus*. During his time on Robben Island Prison, Nelson Mandela would recite a poem by an 18th century English poet named William Ernest Henley. Finding strength through poetry, Mandela went on to inspire millions. With all due respect, I want to share this peom here as its burrowed into my mind and I do not foresee it leaving anytime soon.
<br>
<br>
<h3 class="middle">Invictus</h3>
<h4 class="left">By William Ernest Henley</h4>
<div class="middle">
	<p>Out of the night that covers me,</p>
	<p>Black as the pit from pole to pole,</p>
	<p>I thank whatever gods may be</p>
	<p>For my unconquerable soul.</p>
	<p></p>
	<p>In the fell clutch of circumstance</p>
	<p>I have not winced nor cried aloud.</p>
	<p>Under the bludgeonings of chance</p>  
	<p>My head is bloody, but unbowed.</p>  
<p></p>
	<p>Beyond this place of wrath and tears</p>
	<p>Looms but the Horror of the shade,</p> 
	<p>And yet the menace of the years</p>
	<p>Finds and shall find me unafraid.</p>
<p></p>
	<p>It matters not how strait the gate,</p>
	<p>How charged with punishments the scroll,</p>
	<p>I am the master of my fate,</p>
	<p>I am the captain of my soul.</p>
</div>

